Lin Qingyao, the eldest lady of the Lin family
I didn't know there was such a problem.
I just found out not long ago.
Lin Qingyao just came back from abroad
The Lin family head sent someone to inform you
Let you two meet
I remember.
Back then, my father set me up for a marriage
Because I left the Du family
And there's no more of this.
Since it was arranged by Dad
Of course there is a home
How did you agree so readily?
How about mom
Are you jealous?
If you dare to mess around again
I just
What do you want?
Could it be that you still want to bite me, little mother?
Du Chi, you are presumptuous
As long as you cooperate well
No one will know what happened between us
Du Chen, what do you want to do?
Of course I'm going to continue my boss's business.
Mom, don't you want to?
Du Chen, calm down
Now the company directors are outside
If they find out you're up to no good with me
You're not going to end well
Mom, are you worried about my safety?
Don't go too far
What's the hurry?
more excessive
It's still behind.
No.